FtmPAY LITEPAPER

Overview

Reflect tokens  have become a popular way to speculate on our favourite tokens and accumulate rewards. The goal of FtmPay is to become the biggest stable coin reflection token on the Fantom Network. Stable coins make an amazing reward because of their price consistency. You dont have to worry about timing an exit on your rewards. Instead you can sit back, relax and stack USDC. You can then take these USDC rewards and participate in Defi protocols for yield. FtmPay aims to generate massive trading volume and become a leading coin on the Fantom network. With big volume comes big rewards for holders because they will recieve reflections on both Buy and Sell transactions of FtmPay. This makes FtmPay an exciting and unique passive income oppurtunity.

How It Works

Reflection tokens take a portion of every transaction and buy another token, which is distributed to all holders based on their percentage of supply. In our case USDC will be purchased and distributed as the reward. In addition to the reflection, a small amounts of each transaction will be used to grow trading liquidty (More liquidity = less volatility and bigger swaps), pay for additional marketing efforts, and pay the developers/team. We believe rewards should make up the large majority of the tax breakdown. This is why we are offering the juiciest reflection rate in the game at 11%. This means on a $100 buy or sell, 11$ will be distributed to holders. The more FtmPay you hold, the more rewards you will accumulate as it is based on your percent of the circulating supply.


How To Buy

1) Downnload Metamask. Make an account and keep your seed phrase somewhere safe and secret (Not on phone or computer file).

2) Fund your metmask some Ftm from a Cex (Binance, Kucoin, Etc.) or directly using Metamask Swap. 

3) Connect your metamask to the Fantom Opera Network. You can do this easily by going to spookyswap.finance and connecting your Meta Mask wallet.

4) Head to Spookyswap.finance and click the swap tab. Now you can purchase FtmPay using your Ftm. Copy and paste the FtmPay Contract Adress in the bottom half of the trade window. Set your slippage to 20%+ to avoid failed transactions. This high slip accounts for the taxes used for reflections, marketing, etc.

5) Add the FtmPay contract adress to your metamask to see your tokens.

6) Add the USDC contract adress to your metamask to see your rewards accumulate


Checking Rewards

A dashboard to view and claim rewards will be released shortly after launch. Until then, you can manually update your reward balance by buying, selling, or sending yourself 1 FtmPAY. This interaction will refresh yyour USDC reward balance.

Tokenomics Overview

11% Reflect USDC
2% Added to Liquidity Pool
1.5% Marketing Wallet
1.5% Dev /Team
Total Tax: 15%
Recommended slippage setting for trading: 20%+

The Future

The leading reflect tokens on Avalanche Network have shown just how succesful a good printer project can be. Check out Avapay or ETHp to get an idea. These protocols did millions of trading volume producing massive rewards their respective holders. Our goal is to become the juggernaut reflect project on the Fantom Opera Network. The marketing fund will be used to consistently onboard new users and grow the community with marketing posts, collaborations, and contests. We believe a token is only as good as its community, so our main focus for Q1 2022 will be growing our user base and creating a fun and supportive space for them to thrive. As the protocol grows, the marketing wallet will be used to host juicy giveaways further rewarding FtmPAY users.